Questions for Depression:
    SET 1

    Q. In the past two weeks, how often have you felt, down, depressed, or hopeless?
    --> Options: Not at all, several days, more than half the days, nearly everyday

    Q. Have you had any thoughts of suicide?
    --> Options: Never, some thoughts of death, some thoughts of suicide, or some attempt at suicide 
    
    Q. How is your sleep?
    --> Options: Sleeping as usual, slight difficulty, sleep reduced by at least two hours, or getting less than three hours of sleep

    Q. How is your energy?
    --> Options: As much energy as every, the higher your Less energy than before, not enough to do much, or not enough to do anything

    Q. Do you prefer to stay at home rather than going out and doing new things?
    --> Options: Yes or No

    SET 2

    Q. Little interest or pleasure in doing things 
    
    Q. Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
    
    Q. Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
    
    Q. Feeling tired or having little energy 
    
    Q. Poor appetite or overeating
    
    Q. Feeling bad about yourself -- or feel that your a failure or have let yourself of your family down
    
    Q. Trouble concentrating or things such as reading the newspaper or watching television
    
    Q. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite -- being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual 
    
    Q. Thoughts that you would be better off dead of of hurting yourself in some way or the other

    --> Options: Not at all, several days, more than half the days, nearly every day 


Questions for Anxiety Disorder < GAD - Generalized Anxiety Disorder >
    Q. Do you experience excessive worry?
    
    Q. Is your worry excessive in intensity, frequency, or amount of distress it causes?
    
    Q. Do you find it difficult ot control the worry < or stop worrying > once it starts?
    
    Q. Do you worry excessively or uncontrollably about minor things such as being late for an appointment, minor repairs, homework, etc.?


Questions for Anger Management 
    Q. I’ve had trouble on the job because of my temper.
    
    Q. People tell me that I become too angry, too quickly.
    
    Q. After arguing with someone, I often hate myself for losing my temper.
    
    Q. I find it very hard to forgive someone who has done me wrong.
    
    Q. I hate lines, and I especially hate waiting in lines.
    
    Q. When I get angry, frustrated or hurt, I comfort myself by eating or using alcohol or other drugs.
    
    Q. At times I have gotten so angry that I have slammed doors, thrown things, broken items or punched walls.
    
    Q. I am apt to take frustration so badly, I cannot get it out of my mind.
    
    Q. I still get angry when I think of the bad things people did to me in the past.
    
    Q. I often make critical, judgmental comments to others, even if they do not ask me for advice or help.
    
    Q. After arguing with someone, I hate myself.
    
    Q. When riled, I often blurt out things I later regret saying.
    
    Q. People I’ve trusted have often let me down, leaving me feeling angry or betrayed.
    
    Q. I use abusive language, such as name-calling, insults, sarcasm or swearing.
    
    Q. I’m an angry person. My temper has already caused lots of problems, and I need help changing it.

Questions for Phobias:

Questions for Addictions:
    Q. Have you used drugs other than those required for medical reasons?

    Q. Do you abuse more than one drug at a time?

    Q. Are you unable to stop using drugs when you want to?

    Q. Have you ever had blackouts or flashback as a result of drug use?

    Q. Do you ever feel bad or guilty about your involvement with drugs?

    Q. Have you neglected your family because of your use of drugs?

    Q. Have you engaged in illegal activities in order to obtain drugs?

    Q. Have you ever experienced withdrawal symptoms when you stopped taking drugs?

    Q. Have you had medical problems as a result of your drug use <eg. memory loss, hepatitis, convulsions, bleeding?>